Healthy lifestyles are becoming widely popular with the general generation. Although experts in the healthcare domain advise that the elders should take part in physical activities on a regular basis, a great number of them ignore it. In this essay, I will argue why health and safety problems are the main factors which affect the way older people get exercise. Besides, I will provide several solutions to solve these problems.

When it comes to the elderly, there are health issues to be considered as older people are more likely to get diseases. Indeed, ailments such as diabetes or high blood pressure affect their motor abilities. Therefore, seniors are unable to do physical activities according to weak physical conditions. An obvious example is my friend's grandmother, who is at the age of 69, is suffering from arteriosclerosis. Her grandmother is unable to walk or do basic hygiene without supporters. Furthermore, safety problems are factors which should be noticed. In recent years, sports centres have grown excessively. However, these fitness centres only provide facilities which are also known as gym equipment for young people. Accordingly, weak eye sights and joints can lead to severe injuries in older citizens if they approach inappropriate fitness facilities.

In order to tackle these problems, developing a positive attitude to exercise at an early age would be a necessary solution. In short, by providing basic healthcare education for younger generations, they can build up an exercise routine which can stick to them from an early age. As a result, young people will be able to prevent the ageing process and chronic diseases. Moreover, the government should give the elders opportunities to enhance their strength by creating more walking pathways in safe areas. Even more, encouraging older citizens to do internal nourishing exercise is a great method since it can facilitate a healthy development both mentally and physically for the elderly.

To sum up, even though it is recommended to work out regularly, many older people remaining lack exercise. I argued why some issues like health and safety play an important role in the way the elders exercise. For the aforementioned causes, education, publicity campaigns and government policies are the core solutions to encourage the elderly to do more physical activities.