There have been polarised notions regarding whether teachers should educate students to strive for ethical virtues such as differentiating good and wrong in addition to basic theoretical knowledge. Others uphold the opposite perception that teachers' only duty is imparting academic education for learners. Personally, I strongly believe that teachers should combine both ways to...

On the one hand, it is evident that the majority of teachers are paid with inadequate remuneration regardless of their great devotion to their career. This is also the contributory factor to why teachers avoid intervening in their students' personal problems apart from schoolwork. Furthermore, some people believe that moulding children's personality ought to be parents' responsibility instead of bystanders as teachers. For the reason that each individual varies, their personality traits have the likelihood to be overwhelmingly different to others. Educating properly for more than 30 separately-mental characteristics in one classroom definitely causes hurdles for teachers.

On the other hand, since students' mainly contribute their day-to-day time to school, which has been proven accounting to more than 6 hours, there is a little room for doubt that they have the utmost opportunity to be exposed to teachers. Likewise, teachers are presented with chances to embrace each student to shape individual behaviour patterns. Provided that students' acquire a competence of rules and absorb ethical principles, they can avoid being entangled with miscarriage of injustice, instead become a law-abiding citizen. It is indisputable that children's future is critically attributed to the proper personality training in their formative years. Therefore, forming precious manners in their early years could facilitate them to an impressive extent in manifold fields, for example, in work force and relationships as well.

In conclusion, when children and young people construct most of their knowledge of the world through social interactions, teachers are in an inevitable position to impart such knowledge to them. Teachers should be more hands-on when encountering the moral development of young students.