There is often much debate around the fact that scientific discoveries should be conducted by private corporations rather than the government. While this trend may bring about some benefits, I would argue that they are eclipsed by the drawbacks.

There are numerous advantages to letting scientific research be controlled by private companies. First and foremost, it is recommended that such companies tend to meet society's expectations faster than the government. This can be explained by the fact that investing money to conduct research is likely to enhance productivity and result, hence, introducing to the masses a number of desirable products. Secondly, non-governmental companies should be in charge of carrying out scientific research in order to consolidate their reputation and position in the international arena. This helps them attract more human resources and reap profits.

On the other hand, there are some good reasons why the authorities should take responsibility for scientific research. Firstly, it is advisable that the government is able to ensure safety and many unexpected outcomes that might occur. To be more specific they can rely on the capital flows to equip high-end facilities and support a group of scientists in terms of checking the quality and potential consequences. As a result, it would become more reliable and ethical to the consumers and their business partners. Additionally, while some independent companies seek for profits, such research conducted by local authorities might be accessible to all social classes. For instance, most citizens are able to prepare a Kit test themselves due to the convenience and the availability.

In conclusion, while there are some benefits for private companies to carry out scientific research such as rapidly responding to people's demands and enhancing the reputation in the market, I am of the opinion that the government is much better in this field regarding minimizing the risks of these studies and the accessibility.