In today's modern world, it is believed that the adolescent has more tendency to create online network rather than making real-life relationships. This occurs due to the convenience that the internet has provided and in order to prevent its consequence, the young should be encouraged to foster their network in reality.

There are two main causes that explain the tendency of making friends via virtual life of the juvenile. First and foremost, social networking sites provide users with a vast amount of convenient functions which connect people regardless of time and location. To be more specific, teenagers are now not only can easily add a new friend into their list of friends, widen their connection to other people but also freely express their opinion in a convenient and time-saving way. For example, Facebook contains millions of groups with similarity in hobbies, passions and purposes, in which the young can access to their desired community within one click. Besides, the breakout of Covid-19 has influenced the way people, especially the teenager's communication way as they have to spend hours doing everything such as studying or playing games online, which weakens their ability to create face-to-face conversations.

Several solutions should be taken up in order to tackle the issue as spending a large amount of time on virtual relationships can not only cause anxiety and depression but also disconnect to reality. It is advisable that parents and teachers encourage their children to create healthy bonds with real-life peers by forming study groups or sport teams. Besides, time limitation for using technological devices should be set off in order to manage the juvenile's online duration. For instance, they are able to use their phone 30 minutes after supper and are not allowed to use them one hour before going to bed.

In conclusion, it is true that adolescent nowadays tend to create online relationships because of its convenience. However, possible solutions should be taken up to restrict this trend.