Due to the development of technology in recent decades, various features of life we have been taking for granted are now under serious overhaul to adapt to the growing wave of technology and electronics. From the transportation of classrooms to the virtual realm, the development of many communication technologies from letter and radio waves to emails and chatting applications, and similarly, the rising dominance of e-books and the assumed decline of its predecessor, old plain paper books, as more and more people participate in this growing wave. Many people believe this can have many positive impacts on the reading community, while others think the negativity of this trend is irrefutable. Personally speaking, while I agree with the latter statement, the advantages of e-books should not be overlooked.

First and foremost, it is undeniably true that the compelling nature of e-books is indisputable, as demonstrated by their growing popularity due to the apparent convenience they allow. E-reading permits the readers to access the contents of the book at any moment they prefer because of the development of the gadgets they are stored in, improving their accessible nature. In addition to that, the cost of e-books is often cheaper than their physical counterparts, on account of the need for production, premises, maintenance, packaging and delivery, employees, and on and forth, all of which become oblivious to the virtual realm. The benefit is undoubtedly substantial for both parties involved as the price goes down, further aiding the reading community.

Nonetheless, one critical disadvantage of electronic books is the lack of physical experience displayed in the traditional variant. The tactile feeling and the smell of paper and ink from a new, fresh copy are a prominent part of the turning pages experience for many people, encouraging them to continue their walkthrough through the book, an effect online copy cannot provide. Additionally, continuous exposure to technological devices can have detrimental effects on the health of the users. Research has shown the signal waves and lights electronics emit can damage the eyes or negatively affect the neurological functions of the brain, as exhibited in a study in Ireland, as the researchers observed the connection between children with eye problems and their usage of tablets to read e-books.

In conclusion, even though the advantages delivered to e-readers cannot be refuted, the possible consequences and the insufficiency of technological copies in their abilities to satisfy consumers overshadowed them. Although the momentum of e-books is unlikely to halt, it is improbable for e-books to replace their traditional equivalents.