SOME PEOPLE CLAIM THAT NOT ENOUGH OF THE WASTE FROM HOMES IS RECYCLED. They say that the only way to increase recycling is for governments to make it a legal requirement. To what extent do you think laws are needed to make people recycle more of their waste?

Dealing with the waste from home by recycling has little to no chance to be on the list of chores that many a person under roofs would have had the intention to do regularly. With that being said, creating so many negative effects both on the environment and the quality of life we are living in namely odors from filthy overloading landfills, and the unsteady flow of drainage systems caused by the unwanted presence of plastic waste, etc. Hence, it is urgent for governments to enact a law on recycling at homes in order to increase the tendency of people to recycle more of their homes' waste.

Legislative actions about recycling at homes can decrease the volume of waste that is recyclable but unfortunately be ignored, or thrown away from houses. In addition, residents whose government making recycling at home a legal requirement will be more responsible for reutilizing and recycling their domestic waste as much as possible. Trying to recycle more at home will save people budgets on buying new things which they could have had from recycling their own domestic waste. Besides, it helps reduce the amount of plastic or sorts of products that would come out to the environment causing overloading and pollution.

Having such laws would help governments express their concerns about people's lives and issues that will leave negative effects on the residents such as the problem of too little waste is recycled domestically. Usually, people seem to refrain from being negligent about dealing with waste from homes if there are laws that considered it a legally compulsory task. As a result, people will not only have faith but also gain motivation to give much of their homes' waste some new life circles. Therefore, it lies with the governmental action to stop the hesitation of people in recycling and reusing domestic waste.

To sum up, it is likely that people are unaware of the need to recycle their waste at homes making it essential to have a sheer influence from the authority to mitigate the situation. Thus, governments should take initial steps to encourage people to recycle more domestic waste by having legislative action about recycling at homes.