Some people say that in the modern world it is very difficult for people to have a healthy lifestyle. Others, however, say that it is easy for people to be healthy and fit if they want to be. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Being healthy is a matter of option. This notion turns to be difficult for some modern-day people. Yet, the opponents argue that it is easy to maintain health if people are willing to do so. It is suggested that people should start to change their lifestyles by finding the most enjoyable steps so as to feel ease and relax.

Apparently in this contemporary era, having a healthy lifestyle is easier said than done. This trend is likely to be caused mainly by a change in the dietary habit of most people. Take United State as the example, since the ever-growing of the fast food restaurants, such food has long been a staple of Americans' diets. A 2013 survey held by statista.com revealed that there were at least 232,616 fast food establishments in U.S. Dr. Travis Stork, an American physician, says that two out of three Americans are overweight and have a difficulty to stop their sedentary lifestyles due to the widespread of these restaurants. Therefore, virtually people claim it is terribly difficult to live healthily in this developed era.

Apart from the previous discussion, others believe that being healthy starts from themselves. If people have a strong commitment and motivation to stay healthy, then everything will seem easy. Recently, Jillian Michaels, a retired fitness expert and wellness coach, has just finished publishing her book about five simple steps to be healthy. She cited in her book that living healthily is easy and do not require an extra effort to do so, since they only have to make up their mind and set some attainable goals for short and long term. After that, they can just start to work out and willing to do it continuously. Hence, it is proven that being healthy is easy to achieve.

The aforementioned evidence shows that although living healthily in the advanced era is not at all easy for some people, others think conversely. As it comes from ourselves, people should have a great motivation and a willingness to maintain it. Moreover, they need to find a healthy lifestyle in their own versions in order to enjoy its process. It is imperative that staying healthy is another way to be happy, therefore it is better to start as early as possible.