Young people are said to have lost many of the traditional values of the older generation. This does not matter, because the old values have no relevance in the modern world. We need to develop a whole new set of values. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Every region in the world has its distinct custom and traditional values. However, many adolescents have failed to preserve these old values. Some people argue that this is of no importance, as the old values are no longer relevant in the modern society, and that a whole new set of values should be created instead. Personally, I strongly disagree with this point of view.

To begin with, it should be borne in mind that there are a large number of old beliefs that are still appropriate to this day. By way of illustration, students were expected to be obedient and respectful to their teachers in the past, and this value is still undoubtedly true nowadays. In fact, it is a precious moral value, as it can have a very positive influence on students' traits of character. Accordingly, I believe that such values should be preserved and fostered instead of being abolished.

However, there is no disputing the fact that some values are not relevant any longer and may inhibit the development of our society. A typical example of this is the problem of gender discrimination, which used to be very common in some Asian countries over the last centuries. At that time, woman were considered inferior to men and were treated unequally. In my opinion, this is a completely wrong belief and must be done away with. Nevertheless, such irrational beliefs are in the minority, thus we only need to abandon them rather than develop a whole new set of values.

In conclusion, although it is undeniable that some old beliefs may have an adverse effect on our society, there are many valuable ones that are still relevant in the modern world. Therefore, I firmly believe that people should not abandon all traditional values, but make an effort to save and promote precious ones.