People are spending less time with their families. What are the reasons and effects?

In this day and age, it is widely acknowledged that the time that individuals allocate for their families is declining among many nations. Both of the causes and effects will be discussed in the further paragraphs.

On the one hand, that people are spending a minor amount of time on engaging in family activities stems from some reasons. The key rationale in favour of this view is due to the hectic working and studying schedule which can create an extreme hustle and bustle in our lives. To be more specific, not only numerous parents have to devote their time to the completion of their tasks at the workplace, but also youngsters are obliged to the dedication of time and effort to make themselves well-prepared for the upcoming exams. Another justification is that owing to the ubiquity of electronic devices as well as the rapid development of the Internet, a huge number of young generations have addicted to many appealing Internet platforms such as Tik Tok, Facebook or Youtube. Eventually, adolescents would, most of the time, rather spend time on surfing social media or texting and calling with their friends than strengthing the bonds with each family member.

On the other hand, not only teenagers tend to have less time with their families but also occupied parents are on the track of fulfiling the fundamental entities of their families. Consequently, immatures are vulnerably exposed to toxic influences, in the form of juvenile delinquency because of the lack of guidance of well-informed people. Apart from that, the extensively enlargement of distance among family members can work as a catalyst for domestic conflicts. In the long term, the mentioned scenarios above could result in the increasing rate of divorce which can intensively take a toll on the children of broken families.

In conclusion, the shortage of quality time between family members may have an adverse effect on individuals. It is mainly caused by the busy schedule of each member and the addiction to the Internet that could lead to many consequences for the young generations.
