Some people say that the main environmental problme of our time is the loss of particular species of plants and animals. Others say that there are more important environmental problems.

In the modern age, although there is a great advancement of technology, people are facing more and more problems, especially environmental problem. Some people are of the opinion that the extinction of species is the most major problems, while the other argue that there are more concerning environmental matters. In the below essay, both of these viewpoints will be analyzed before my opinion is stated.

On the one hand, it is undeniable that loss of biodiversity may cause huge devastation to ecosystem imbalance, more specifically, afflict the food chain. If an animal in the food chain disappears, the other animals in the chain might be at risk, which means that their individuals quantity will fluctuate unstably. For instance, tigers are on the verge of extinction, which may cause the uncontrollable increase of their predator, herbivores. Furthermore, it is true that humanity has to depend on plants and animals to survive. Particularly, ecosystem products such as food, vegetables and water are compulsory for people's life. Should the loss of species becomes serious to a greater extent, humanity will be within the possibility of perdition.

Nevertheless, on the other hand, I adhere to the belief that other environmental problems pose a more serious threat to life. Indeed, global warming is now considered to be the most crucial issues due to its disastrous impacts. First of all, the rise in recent calamities, for example, earthquake, tsunami and the melting of polar ice cap has strong link to the rise in temperature. Besides, global warming likewise causes climate change. This not obly has a negative effect on people life but also induces the extinction of flora and fauna. To exemplify, climate change creates the problem of extreme weather and pollution, which deteriorates human's health, not to mention destroys animal's habitats and therefore force numerous species to migrate.

In conclusion, the loss of species certainly adversely influence the environment condition. However, from my perspective, I still believe that other problems, namely global warming and climate change are more serious that need to be solved immediately.