The prevention of health problems and illness is more important than treatment and medicine. Government funding should reflect this. To what extent do you agree?

Health is an essential part of human life. So human need to good take care of their health rather than running towards hospital and medical store after sickness. It is agreed that the government should play a solid role against this critical issue. This essay will discuss the bad impact of treatments and medicine and it will elaborate how government can play a role in health issues.

Treatment of each disease is really much more costly now a days, and lower family can not afford such big amount fees for their treatment. However, they cannot even afford to buy medicine. In 1965, students of the California University of science research on human health of poor family and the problem they are facing in the treatment of disease. They conclude that 75% poor child died in the last viral effect as their parents don't have enough money for their sickness. It is better for them to better take care of their children's health, preserve them from all aspects which can become the cause of their illness.

The side effects of several medicines can also be easily found in the human. It can be possible from over dosage, may be because the prescription is not well suited you. In London times, the Health article reported that 57% females gain extra weight because of suing multivitamin tablets. It is better to use natural resources for vitamins and proteins, rather relying on medicine.

The government should announce good amount of money for the health department. They should control things from which people are becoming ill. For instance, pollution is the biggest problem, from which a lot of disease like lung disease produces in people of the country. They should take steps to control this.

In conclusion, better to resist of themselves from things which causes illness. The government should have to play the important role, funds introduce by them should reflect their seriousness toward health of people.