More people should be encouraged to do vocational training. Agree or Disagree?

Choosing a major is one of the most critical decisions in everyone's life. Many would prefer to pursue higher academic studies while some would be encouraged to join vocational training because of the current lack of skillful workers. From my perspective, ability and interest should be considered rather than the current job needs when parents decide whether to let their children continue academic studies or not.

Firstly, parents should help children decide their future base on their aptitudes. For example, if their children could solve math problems efficiently, they should be kindled their interests in economic-related jobs such as traders. So, pursuing higher academic study is an appropriate choice for them. Otherwise, skillful children could become workers so that they can make many systems as perfect as possible.

Besides ability, children's interests should be taken into account because of two reasons. First of all, if graduates can work with their interest job, they will have more energy and enthusiasm to develop their skill, their knowledge and the most important is that they can work with as least stress. Moreover, their career might be more stable than those working with jobs they dislike. In other words, they will find pleasure in what they do and tend to continue their employment so they could have more opportunities for promotions than others.

Some people said that if their children choose jobs that are suitable for them, but there are no vacancies in those jobs, they would become unemployed. So they encourage their children to train to become workers like electricians or plumbers, which works do not have enough qualified workers. However, if their children do not have any aptitude in finding electricity errors or they do not have strength enough to become a plumber, they can quickly lose jobs to those doing better.

In conclusion, parents have a vital role to play in their children's job decisions and also their futures. So they would need to consider their children's interests and abilities to find which significant is the most suitable for them.