learn about family history or focus on present and future generation

In many parts of the world people do research in family history. Some people believe research on the previous generation to be useful while others say that it is better to focus on the present and future generation.discuss both views and show your opinion.

People are facing a dilemma whether one should do research about their family tree or pay attention to the present and future generation. Recently, this phenomenon has been brought to public attention with people standing on two different sides and this essay will demonstrate my point of view.

On the one hand, it is argued that people should place an emphasis on focusing on the present and future generation mainly because they think that people can not learn anything from the past because they are obsolete. To elucidate, advocates have pointed out that since the world is innovating everyday, everything that happened in the past might have no influence on today's world. Therefore, many think that it would be better for people to focus on the present and future generation. Furthermore, advocates of this view also accentuate that the time one uses to comprehend and learn about the family tree can be utilized for addressing other issues such as how to deal with plagues that are labeled as incurable or how to tackle proliferation of joblessness, famine or global warming.

On the other hand, though the aforementioned statements seem compelling, some deem that they are inadequate for two chief reasons. Firstly, if individuals study their family history, they will have the opportunity to enrich and hone practical skills from their ancestors. To exemplify, this is because the bulk of the predecessors have engaged in a myriad of wars which involved a profusion of skills like interprofessional collaboration and how to overcome difficulties . Hence, the younger generation can learn from the previous one on how to cope with privations and how to collaborate with each other. Learning about the previous generation can foster emotional connection. Investigating about the past, discovering hardships and challenges that they have gone through can instill the later generation with a sense of gratitude and appreciation for the endeavors and contributions of the ancestor.

In conclusion, although focusing on the young and future generation can be conducive to the society because it will help people to have a clearer and more insightful view about what individuals are facing, I deem that people can be ameliorated from learning from the past since it will help the younger generation to comprehend what the forerunners have done and to facilitate them to be better.