Some people think that people who chose a job early and keep doing are more likely to get satisfying career life than those who frequently change jobs. TO WHAT EXTENT DO YOU AGREE OR DISAGREE?

In our lives, career play a critical part: it allows us to earn money and feed ourselves. In a number of cases, sticking to a job, according to a group of people, will help us to get a satisfying career life, rather than who usually change jobs. On the contrary, some people think in reverse that getting a new job periodically is much better. Both approaches have their pros and cons but I lean towards the second one. This essay will discuss both statements to prove for my decision.

There are several reasons why we should be loyal to our current careers. First, working on a job in a fixed office will enable us to get accustomed to a working pattern. This pattern will help to create a 'safe zone' for us, which will ensure the quality of the work. Moreover, a long-term relationship with a fixed environment will increase our reputation in the office itself. As a result, we might get some promotions for our jobs. Second, in contrast to sticking to a job, changing job frequently are likely get us down in a career path. Perhaps we will lose the chance of being promoted to a higher position when doing this.

On the other hand, getting a new job periodically will have some benefits too. Accompanying by a company for a long time might make many people, especially young generations, feel so exhausted. This sense of tiredness will undoubtedly demotivate them, leading to the low performance when working. Furthermore, by getting a new job monthly or yearly can bring us more creativity. Many new ideas will be created by the employees. Last but not least, changing job will, in some ways, help a company to refresh itself. This is so precious to its existence and development since it need to turn over a new leaf constantly to adapt to a fast-paced society.

In conclusion, it seems that making us into a new career frequently is better for us when comparing with the choice of working in just an office. But it still has some drawbacks. Therefore, we should be cautious when it comes to the decision.