Should children take extra responsibilities after school?

While some people suggest that children of all ages should assist at home or at work, others believe that more freedom should be given to them after school. From my point of view, though it is necessary to enjoy life at all ages, children still need to take responsibility for family and society.

It is reasonable for students to do what they like outside of school. Nowadays, students spend most of their day studying at school and participating in extracurricular activities. This means they may have less time to enjoy their passions and explore new things in life. Furthermore, the curriculum in many schools is becoming so heavy that students have to invest more effort in completing homework, carrying out projects, and preparing for the upcoming class. Students, therefore, might be under great pressure to catch up with the learning pace of their peers as well as achieve high scores. For students to enjoy a happy childhood, besides learning, they should have opportunities to experience life in a more enjoyable way.

Nevertheless, being free can create some problems. Because students at a very young age have not developed completely in terms of physics and mentality, if they are able to do whatever they want, they may make poor decisions that could potentially harm themselves. For instance, many students are spending hours a day playing video games with violent scenes that may lead them to unhealthy thoughts and sedentary lifestyles. Parents should encourage them to help with housework because, in this way, children will use their spare time to take responsibility as family members. They need to know that doing household chores is part of their duties, and they will become more responsible and reliable once they get used to taking care of others. Moreover, by doing housework, children will be physically active. As a result, diseases such as obesity and shortsightedness can be prevented.

In conclusion, although freedom outside of school can provide students with chances to relax and enjoy themselves, it seems to me that children should be assigned extra work after class to show their responsibilities.