Rewarding outstanding employees by giving them extra money

In the art of management, admiring employees for their outstanding performances is an indispensable way to uphold the motivation and endeavor for working. One of the most common methods is to pay a better compensation which may reach some members' satisfaction, while causing demerits to the others. From my perspective, there are several measures to tribute the extra - ordinary staff which are required to be taken rationally depending on their demands. This essay will analyze the practice above comprehensively and introduce other popular styles of management.

Practically, there are various types of employees with different needs, which can be categorized specifically into five levels, according to Maslow hierarchy of needs. Those standing in the two first group concern mostly about basic human activities and physiological materials, including safety, employment to make ends meet, ...They are mainly manual laborers or employees with low salary, easily being content with bonus, as to better their living condition. In fact, the willingness to work diligently derives from the hope to ease daily spending burden and earn a financial surplus. It is inevitable that a majority of job - seekers, especially graduates, take higher consideration into well - paid jobs at first, in which stage, money is their affection in working.

On the other hand, in terms of professional employees, giving extra money is not a sensible way to reinvigorate them. Having reaped several benefits, including a high salary to fulfill their lowest human needs, they are on their ways to reach higher ones such as self - esteem and -actualization. As the matter of fact, recognition and respect from others act as a trigger for the hard working and substantial contribution. Based on this very theory, employers can introduce a reputation award, for instance, entitling the remarkable employee of the month, the year..., presenting their names on the honor board or as representatives of the company...Another means is to reward them with a further education and training in their specialization or soft skills.

In conclusion, a competent and considerate employer is deemed to know their employees' potential and internal demands thoroughly in order to apply the most suitable style of management that satisfies a large number of the company's members.