Film stars and celebrities often share their views on public matters that have little to do with their profession. IS THIS A POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE DEVELOPMENT?

Public figures are usually seen to voice their opinion with respect to public issues beyond the scope of their expertise. From my perspective, potential drawbacks of this tendency are incomparable to its upsides.

The fact that celebrities' viewpoints on a wide range of matters being publicized is indeed positive. Firstly, this could raise the public's awareness about the problem in question. Due to followers being predisposed to take what their idols concern into consideration, when well-known people share their ideas about a specific issue, it could instantly become the public's interest. Conversations featuring it might become prevalent, and numerous public members even do research, thus gain more insights of it. In addition, in some cases, consciousness of a matter brought up by famous individuals could translate into reforming initiatives in response. For instance, as an iconic figure raises her concern about the local environmental degradation, her admirers might be encouraged to organize campaigns for environment preservation, or simply think twice before littering in the park or discharging garbage into the river.

Nonetheless, a negative aspect of the mentioned development is that if public figures' viewpoints regarding issues outside their domain involve inaccurate information, several members of the community could be left ignorant. Idolatry could sometimes cause followers to take their idols' false beliefs for granted without attempting comprehensive research. For instance, if a celebrity, due to his superficial knowledge, consider an aboriginal group as culprits behind the extinction of a species, many of his fans might unthinkingly develop an aversion for the group, who are innocent people. However, this negative effect is unlikely to be severely damaging and long-lasting, since sooner or later there tends to be specialists stepping in to correct mistaken notions and leading blind followers into enlightenment.

To conclude, despite my recognition that celebrities voicing their views about a public matter beyond their profession is negative in some way, in general, it seems to me that this has more positive elements.