Nowadays children are joining extra coaching classes apart from their school studies. Some think it is important for their future, while others think the extra time should be spent for playing. Do you agree or disagree?

In order to improve their education, children are participating in extra classes after school instead of spending time playing. This has raised a heated debate around the world whether it is a positive or negative development. Some people believe extra coaching classes lead to good job prospect, whereas others hold a distinctive view and think that children should spend their spare time on leisure activities. In my opinion, I believe that students should join extra classes if they are poor in particular subjects.

In fact, many students have difficulty to keep up with other students in their class, so going to extra classes is an ideal way to fill in the part of lessons they do not understand. In addition, as extra coaching classes generally specialize in a particular subject, the teaching method is much more better than at school and students are able to practice solving exercise problems from a variety of resource. Although self-study is also an effective way to improve their study, some students find it hard to practice this method because the lack of resource for practice problems solving and someone to explain to them.

Furthermore, in the extra coaching classes, students can also improve their social skill, which is very important in their lives and usually requires in almost every career. Even though spare time after school studies should be spent on playing or other leisure activities, children can also do these activities at the weekend and spend the weekdays studying hard. Besides, the break time between classes allows students to play games and do some leisure activities such as reading books or listening to music.

To sum up, participating in extra classes can help students in their study a great deal and they will get result after studying extra time. However, students should not overwork themselves and should spend the weekend on some leisure activities apart from study so as to refreshing their mind and relax.