IS IT ACCEPTABLE FOR CHILDREN TO LEARN FOREIGN LANGUAGE AT PRIMARY SCHOOL? 

A foreign language plays an enormously important role in children's development. Obviously, this concern is proliferating and gaining fame among pupils. However, the impact of this trend has become under scrutiny and has been concern for many people. Although learning foreign linguistics for children is unacceptable since it will give negative impact on their development, others said that it is brilliant idea for children to broaden much more horizon regarding global culture through other languages.

Needless to say, children may not realize that this activity has a negative repercussion for them when they study varied language background at elementary school. This is because they may get confused regarding this sphere, and this impacts their development. William James Marco Pollo, an educational consultant, believed that this activity has its significant drawback for bilingual children when it comes to learn other languages at early stage. This result was children who took foreign language had a lack of fluency to communication, thus, they would talk more slowly in comparison with pupils who just understand their mother language. All in all, it is argued that focusing on learning second language at primary school will give drawback in terms of child development.

As a matter of fact, there is counter-argument against prior statement. Learning second language is pivotal activity that should be taken for pupils into consideration. Due to this activity, children are prepared for obtaining plenty of knowledge in the case of world heritage sites. A 2015 Hiroshima University study supported this. The experts conducted research with a random sample drawn from 200 Japanese secondary-school students that learned English language since at primary school. Astonishingly, 67% of students who learnt bilingual language had considerably more knowledgeable regarding international culture through language than children who just learn native language. Hence, what delights in this activity is learning foreign language since the first stage is necessary for the pupils.

In conclusion, albeit studying foreign language will ruin their development, the merits of this activity are more than the negative. Where possibly, learning foreign language should be considered to become mandatory sphere at primary school.