Is the mental strength important for success in sports or is it important to have strong and fit people in sports. Discuss both views and give opinions

Various views are held on the issue of what type of factor is critical to triumphs in sport events. While some people may point out that athletes who are mentally tough will be champions, critics contend that lusty competitors are more likely to achieve stunning victories than the rest. Nevertheless, I am convinced that contestants having mental stamina can overcome stumbling blocks in competitive games. In this essay, both perspectives are under discussion as following.

Apparently, having a strong constitution plays a vital role in the athletes' career advancement. They are required to attend training courses regularly in order to be in good physical condition. As a result, players are capable of competing against rivals who are at the same level as them. It is therefore agreed that contestants' well-being is the first priority. If they don't have enough energy, they will definitely feel exhausted during the games and end up as losers. Cristiano Ronaldo is a typical example. Thanks to his strict workout plan, he is at the peak of fitness and in magnificent shape. At the age of 35, he is regarded as the most skillful football player due to impressive records as well as his lustiness.

Voices from the other side could also be heard against this matter claiming that athletes' mental power contributes enormously to the final outcome. Without demand management ability, consistency, motivation, focus, strong self-belief and control under pressure, players could hardly outperform their challengers. Besides, I firmly believe that the cultivation process of mental energy benefits them from overcoming their weakness and gaining a victory over themselves. To illustrate, during Roger Federer's first period of playing tennis, he unfortunately suffered the loss of success in the first round of Wimbledon. After consecutive years of accumulating experience, he has amazingly won eight Wimbledon men's single titles and gained several prizes. It is obvious that his absolute determination has made him one of the most inspiring tennis players of all time.

In a nutshell, some people are of the opinion that powerful contestants are unbeatable easily, whilst others are against such a view and credit the significant influence of a positive mindset. Personally, I support the latter stance since players with strong passion will doubtlessly seize the initiative in the crucial matches and tournaments and win the games.